Donations page instructions:
Under wp-content, please import file donation into your php wordpress data base.
Please copy the donationform.php file into yout wordpress themes (twentyseventeen or which ever theme file you will be working in) file 
In wordpress dashboard, go to Pages
Under pages select Add new page
title the page Donations or Donate 
on the top right corner, click the gear icon to open settings
click the page tab
under page tab click drop down 
select DonationsForm
then click update 
hit preview
done.
Gtranslate installation instrutions:
For language text translations
go to wordpress dashboard
go to plugins
then select add new 
search Gtranslate
download Gtranslate
activate Gtranslate
go back to worpress dashboard
you should see Gtranslate in the settings menu
select Gtranslate
You should see Widget options 
apply the following settings:
Widget Look: Flags and drop down
Translate from: English
Auto switch browser language: check the box 
show in menu: none
show floating language selection: top right
leave show native languages names unchecked
flag size: 24px
flag style: 3D(.png)
Monochrome flags: unchecked
Flag Languages: check the following
English, spanish, Russian, or any others it doesnt really matter
 Languages: check box the following
 English, Pashto, Persian, Ukraine, and any others you think would be popular.
 Note: you can reorder how the languages are displayed in the drop down menu by click and dragging.
 I reordered my languages in the following order English, Pashto, Persian, Ukraine
 save changes and preview the site. You should see the drop menu on the top right corner of the pages.
 done.
Contact page instructions:
The contact button that redirects users to a new page contact is a bit tricky to setup.
You have to use wpforms plug in and then set up wp mail.
On top of that you have to setup a google services. 
I have this page currently working with emails.
It lacks a data base archive.
Let me know if you want to showcase this feature, i'll most likely have to share my screen during the presentation to demo it. 
